fix biocro planting date bug (#3787)
PecanProject/pecan: models/biocro/NEWS.md

# PEcAn.BIOCRO 1.7.5.9000

> * Fixed `call_biocro_0.9` crash by enforcing single-year weather data input (#3787)

Reviewer: nit: rephrasing because users ideally don't even know `call_biocro*` exists
```suggestion
* Fixed a crash when using BioCro 0.9x by enforcing single-year weather data input (#3787)
```
